All righty then.
By now we know that images are important.
However what's also important for every webpage is to have some kind of link.
Now that would be a navigation link when we were all going to be navigating throughout a project that
could be the link within the actual single page or it can be also the external link.
So let's say our user can visit I don't know Facebook or Google or whatever.
Some kind of external information.
Now as you can see right away I did some spring cleaning here because I usually like my tutorial screens
kind of just bare minimum because I think it's just gonna help us all if we're not going to clutter
here now.
So it's a different status scenario when we're all going to be working on the project because there's
gonna be tons of information but for tutorial I always like to have it as clean as possible.
Now what about the links we can create links in an HMO.
Well we already know the deal.
Right.
We need to have some kind of tags and then we're going to place the link within the tag.
Now what that would be for the link what would be the element name now for the link.
I'm going to use a.
And sure enough right away we're going to have our link available now within the link tags and this
is where we will write the text.
So let's say visit you Demi for more information.
Now as you can see this one came out really a long link.
And sure enough now I have my link.
Now what's gonna happen once I click this link.
Well let's think about it.
If I'm gonna click on it where I'm gonna go.
So I click on it and nothing happens.
Okay.
The reason why nothing happens is because we also need to fill out the H refer attribute which comes
right away with Emmet because they are doing all the work for us.
So if we would manually be creating this obviously we would have to write the H if attribute ourselves.
Now the HCF attribute tells us where the user or whoever clicks on this link is gonna be navigating
to.
So here we will need to write the URL.
Now here we can just say h the G.P.S. s and then the whole deal more if you don't want to make mistakes
or maybe you don't know the full you are all maybe it's really long you can just head over to whatever
you are all you're searching for.
Which in my case would be you Demi.
So I can just copy and paste this and we can head over back to the issue of and paste it within the
quotation marks.
And now once I say it then the user should be available or users should be able to go to them.
So as I click on it.
Notice now we're navigating to Udemy page.
Now there is one thing though you probably don't want user to leave your site because at this moment
notice we went to Demi but we left the site that we were currently on.
So maybe it's better if we would add the attribute and then attribute name is target and we would need
to set this to blank so underscore blank.
So this would be the value.
Now in this case what's going to happen.
And first of all I would need to navigate back and what I would like to do right now with Target blank
is whenever a user is going to click on a link instead of navigating.
And this didn't happen because I needed to refresh probably or something like that.
So I have target blank.
Visit you Demi for more.
Everything is saved.
And sure enough now once I click on a link instead of navigating away from the site that the users currently
on we're opening up the link in the new browser tab.
So this probably should be a better option especially with an external ones where we are adding this
target attribute as well as we're setting in equal to black.